# Benefits when we exercise
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/OwNN6fowiFE>
#### Description:

## My Final Project
In this web application, I built a page, with paragraphs in first person, about the benefits of when we do physical exercise, since maintaining physical and mental well-being is extremely necessary for good homeostasis in our body. That said, the website created has two pages, the main one covering important topics such as: what are the benefits when we exercise, how to get focused and motivated in maintaining a healthy body and others. And in the other part, I created another page that can be accessed through the side card, which has a calculator that automatically calculates your BMI just by entering your height and weight. But don't worry, if it's out of the ordinary, it's not necessarily a bad sign, there will be a link directing you back to the main page, so you can read the material and adapt better. The purpose of this web application is to alert people about the importance of always being well mentally and physically, to have a lighter, less stressful and more pleasurable life. Thus, managing to have a good performance in studies, in general day-to-day tasks and a good relationship with people, which are super important things in our daily lives.

## Index page
The first page, as previously mentioned, has several texts with the aim of teaching the reader how to take better care of their health. These texts were written one by one by me and in total there are 15 paragraphs, plus two cards and a footer. The first card directs you to another page that I created, and the other one asks the reader if they have already measured their blood pressure today, with the aim of alerting them to the importance of having a good blood pressure, having a link to a Harvard research, indicating its importance.

The style of the main page was designed to be as simple, pleasant and sophisticated at the same time. A website's header is often the first thing someone sees when they access your page. Therefore, it is important that it is well structured and suitable for a website. Therefore, my header is highlighted with a striking color that catches the reader's attention, followed by a large and well-detailed photo, with happy people running, which suggests to the reader that doing physical exercise is cool, something light and funny. After that, the texts are divided into paragraphs and by content, each time a new content is spoken, the first letters will be marked, to signal to the reader that the subject has changed, leaving each subject separate and well explained. Each subject will also have a photo, making reading more dynamic and the page style more beautiful. To finish the page there is a simple footer, light gray to differentiate it from the white background color of the page with a LinkedIn access button and a message for the reader.

## Cards
 The style of the first card and its positioning at the beginning of the page was also something that was thought out, because the reader, seeing the card on the side, with an eye-catching photo and imperative text, suggests that whoever is reading the text click and calculate your BMI. The second card has a question for the reader, making him question himself, thus becoming interested in the subject and trying to find out more. To find out more, just click on the word "Harvard" and you will be directed to a Harvard page and read a brief text about the importance of constantly checking your blood pressure.

## Second page
Furthermore, the second page, which is accessed through the first side card, is basically focused on a calculator, in which, with the help of chat.openai, I developed an algorithm that calculates your BMI by entering your height (in centimeters) and weight (in kilograms).  In this sense, the objective is for the site to be something dynamic in which the reader is entertained and, as a result, is informed about their BMI, which is the main method according to the WHO for analyzing obesity. When the reader performs the calculation, they will have a photo with the classifications and levels of obesity, in which they can analyze whether it is within normal limits. But, there is a warning that a high BMI is not necessarily a bad thing, so just click on the word "article" and it will be redirected directly to the first page, where the informative content is.

The style of the second page is completely focused on its objective, which is to have an interactive calculator that calculates the reader's BMI. To do this, there is a larger header, telling the user to use the calculator and a large calculator centered in the middle of the page. Under this bias, there is a space for those who will calculate the height and weight, typing the respective values ​​and finally the calculate button which, after pressing, will display the person's BMI.

# Footer
To finish the page with a flourish, the website footer, in Portuguese, is the section located at the bottom of a website. At first glance, it may seem like empty space or a simple formality, but it is actually an essential part of website design. The footer contains valuable information and elements that can influence how visitors interact with the website and find what they are looking for. The footer contains several key elements that play a vital role in the user experience and effectiveness of a website. My footer has a message for the reader and a stylized LinkedIn button that when clicked, the person will be directed to see my LinkedIn profile.

# Responsive website
Last but not least, one of the biggest advantages of a responsive design is that it is made for different resolutions and different devices. In other words, no matter what screen resolution the device your visitor is using, the layout will adapt. A responsive design contributes to a better user experience. When your design is done well, people don't face difficulties when opening a website on other devices. They don't need to enlarge or shrink the website. Responsive design makes for easier website management. Thus, both pages were created 100% designed for people using a smartphone. In this case, all the content on both pages is responsive, within the necessary recommendations, and access to calculate the BMI on the other page is done via a button in the footer of the page.


